Simple Server RC 6.9.9
An open source simple server tunnel for minecraft alpha multiplayer servers.
Copyright (c) 2010 Charles Wagner Jr. (spiegalpwns@gmail.com)
See LICENSE for details.

http://www.devfluid.com/simpleserver
http://www.minecraftforum.net/viewtopic.php?f=1012&t=27756
https://github.com/spiegalpwns/SimpleServer

Installation:
1) Download minecraft_server.jar from minecraft.net
2) Unzip all files into the same directory as minecraft_server.jar
3) Run launch.bat or launch.sh to start the server for the first time
4) Press "Enter" at the console (which is informing you that you've started the server for the first time!)
5) Open simpleserver.properties and adjust the values as needed
6) You can now connect to the server using your IP Address (www.whatismyip.com) and the port indicated in simpleserver.properties!

Groups:
  Groups can be added in group-list.txt.
  The format for a group is:
  GroupID#=GroupName,showTitle,isAdmin,colorCode
  So, for example:
  1=Trusted,true,false,f

Group Notation:
  The following text files require "Group Notation"
    kit-list.txt
    command-list.txt
    block-list.txt
  Groups can be denoted with commas (,) or hyphens(-)
  For example:  1,2,3 means to include groups 1, 2, and 3.
      1-3 means the same thing.
      1-3,5 means 1,2,3, and 5.


Guest Mode/Destroy Protection:
  Setting defaultGroup=-1 in simpleserver.properties, or setting someone's group to -1 will enable "Guest Mode"
  Guests are not be able to place blocks, destroy blocks, remove items from chests, or drop items.

Locked Chests:
  A player can say !lock to begin the process to lock a chest. They can then place a single chest block,
  and it is "locked." Locked chest's contents cannot be viewed or changed by other players unless they
  belong to a group marked with isAdmin=true in group-list.txt.
  A player can release their lock by saying !unlock, and the chest will be available to other players.

Local Chat:
  Players can chat with other players in the area by saying !local message or !l message.
  The radius can be changed in simpleserver.properties.
  Note: Radius is somewhat misleading. To save a few CPU cycles, a cube is used instead of a sphere.

Commands:
  Command permissions can be set per group in command-list.txt.
  Setting a command to 0 means that it can be used by any player.




Console Commands:
Say help in the console for all of the standard minecraft server commands.
Added are:
  !save -- Save all resource files (motd.txt, rules.txt, etc)
  !reload -- Reload all resource files
  !backup -- Force a backup
Player Commands:
  say !commands in game
  Commands are based on rank
  !motd
  !rules
  !lock
  !unlock
  !iddqd
  !local
  !kits
  !kit KIT_NAME
  !banip IPAddress
  !unbanip IPAddress
  !ban NAME REASON
  !unban NAME
  !kick NAME REASON
  !setrank PLAYER RANK
  !giveplayer PLAYER ID# AMT
  !give ID# AMT
  !whitelist NAME
  !unwhitelist NAME
  !help
  !commands
  !who
  !list
  !listips
  !give ID# AMT
  !backup
  !restart
  !reload
  !save
  !mute
  !unmute
